Mr. Su, I am not the upper class in society
I don't know any business dealings
But I think
You should seriously consider what Xiao Cheng said
Nonsense
What to consider
This beautiful woman
I see if you were deceived by him.
Can't tell what's good
What is nonsense?
How is that possible?
How could you lie to me in a depressed capacity?
I won't lie
Manager, you have me here.
I see who dares to deceive Ling Yan, oops, hahaha.
Ye Shao, you are here
Hahaha
Hahaha long time no see hahaha hey Ye Shao
There was a sister who didn't know the sky and the earth just now
Hahaha
That guy who didn't know the sky and the earth just now
Say publicly that he packed the Triumph Yunting
Prepare a thank you banquet for Gu Lao
He also said that the Su family would be overwhelmed by tens of billions of orders
Even on the verge of bankruptcy
Who is so bold to speak wildly
That's him!
You are depressed